Thanks.
George: Alright guys, the recording is on so you can look back at this
George: that we have a completely separate zoom just for this. So this is a separate recording, if you forget where things are or things like that. So we just talked about fundability every time after that talk that we just had.
George: we directly after introduce the data room curriculum. So we have talked about it a little bit. My preface is Mert, the person who made the scaffolding. He and I worked together for a few months along with one other team member, and we actually paid him to develop this with us. This curriculum. That is just for you guys, it doesn't exist anywhere else in techstars. I've shared it out, but I don't think anyone else has implemented it.
George: The whole reason we do it is that Neil and I have a personal Kpi. Not that techstars, measures, or anything, but for us, that each of you are able to have a finished data room by Demo day. It matters a lot to us. It's something for us is a mark of like, okay, they're ready to like graduate. Basically. This is one of the artifacts that will give you for your post program journey
George: if you follow along. So we track this pretty diligently. I'll show you our tracker you guys are gonna have like a spreadsheet with like, who has finished what? And I'm gonna go through it every case every Monday morning, Kpi meeting.
George: It's up to you guys just like Jake was saying, like.
George: if you don't put in the work, you're not going to have a finished data room, and I'll hound you. But at the end of the day I can't make you do it. So there are some companies who have graduated without a finished data room. And they've regretted it. And they've come back and said, like, Oh, actually, I really needed that. Because 2 weeks after program I started raising, and they all asked me for it. Where do I find those resources again? And I'll give them to you. It's totally fine, like. There's no hard feelings, but I would think it's much better to do it. Week over week with
George: your class. You can ask us questions. We'll have office hours about it, and at the end you'll have something. Now.
George: Caveat. A lot of people get lost in this while we're giving you the modules. It's broken up into modules for every week remaining of program there are 7, but it is only supposed to be a 1st draft to a data room kind of like jobs to be done, something you're going to continually update, just like a financial model. You're not like typing on your financial model with Troy next week, and then you're like.
George: well, this is it? And then you never touch it again. That's like your business. No, it's not set in stone. It's it's a workable document. The data room is the same thing. So everything that you're putting in the data room some of the things you might not be able to like completely finish right now, because you're too early or you don't have the right things to put in.
George: Still, put a placeholder. The whole point is that you're gonna have a 1st draft of a data room by the end of program for you to go back and update as you make progress on your business. The worst thing is, when they ask you for a data room, you have nothing. You don't even know what to put in it. So you open a folder in your drive, and it's blank. And what are you gonna do now? Having an organized data room where you have at least something for every single piece that should be in there is so much easier. Because then you're just updating. So that's what we're working on together.
George: I'm just gonna show you where to find it. I'm gonna explain the deadlines and stuff. And then you guys can ask questions. So it'll be really fast.
George: So
George: apricotton is one of our companies from 2023. This was their company project. Your company project looks a lot like this.
George: You will every you're doing well with.
George: oh, good. Yeah. I really like Applicant, they're selling bras to teenage girls that grow as they grow through puberty, which is awesome. Okay, cool. So every Friday. You guys are going to get your new data room assignment for the next week. Every data room assignment will be due
George: in a week
George: following Monday. So this week is an exception. We're gonna post your very 1st one. It's just to read an article, and that's gonna be due this Monday. Oh, sorry. I'm gonna post them every Monday.
George: That's gonna be due this Monday to having read your article. There's no deliver deliverable for this week, and at the Kpi meeting next week. I'm gonna introduce the next week's thing, and you'll have a full week to do it. So every Monday we're gonna check. Who has submitted the deliverable. We'll update our tracker. I'll show the tracker in the middle of the Kpi meeting in front of everybody so that we can hold each other accountable. It's not meant to be punitive. It's just to give you that extra boost
George: that you might need to like. Continue and keep up with it. We'll be exposed
George: and and then you're gonna do it by the next week. So just follow along in the weekly overviews. I'll remind you what's due. But we'll go through it right now. Apricotton has all 12 in there, or all 7 in there. You're only gonna see one at a time. So you're not gonna get access to the whole thing. You, some people ask us that I I have found. It's not helpful to give it to you ahead of time just keeping it week over week is what we're gonna do. But I'll give you a preview. So this is what's gonna go out today in your company projects.
George: This kind of is just an overview of the data room curriculum. So we have some resources that you can read about it.
George: And then I wrote the checklist out here. So the different modules are this intro where it's just giving you basics about a data room because not everyone is familiar. Then we're gonna do financial model stakeholder communication. So that's kind of like your weekly updates
George: market analysis. That's huge
George: legal documents and then investment. But materials parts one and 2. We're only gonna do part one, part 2 is just an investor pitch deck. That's optional. I'll post it after demo day if you want to do that exercise. Otherwise you can come back when it's relevant. Because I found it wasn't a good use of time to have you guys building an investor deck while you're getting ready for demo day. But the resources there. So that's going to be like a bonus week.
George: Yeah. So by for us, it's gonna be 1130 am. Pst, every Monday. That's when we're gonna check right before the Kpis. So right before the Kpis, you should post your kpi update, and you should have your data room deliverable in. Now, where is the data room? Deliverable going? There isn't 1 for this week. You're just reading the articles. But say, for week 6, there's a deliverable for everything after week. 6.
George: There's gonna be a folder in the Hq.
George: So within. So this is the 2023 Hq. Within docs and files.
George: There's a folder that says, data room deliverables. There will be one in your Hq. Too.
George: and inside there's going to be folders for each week. So you just click on the week and you upload it there.
George: So you want to make sure that you're uploading it here, or else we won't see it when we count and put it on the tracker. This is also so that you guys can share. So sometimes people are like. I don't know what to do. It would be helpful to see an example. Well, your whole class is putting it in the same place.
George: so feel free to check out each other's. The only thing is that you're sharing a lot of confidential data. So this is gonna be a trust system. We've never had an issue. But just be aware that this is stuff that is only shared with you guys so it should not be shared outside of this folder. It's only for you guys.
George: Yeah, I think that's it. That's everything. I want to go over questions about this
George: because data are just a universally understood term like universally understood, just like financial model for this. Sorry to cut you off.
George: We've heard I've heard a lot of feedback from founders when an investor reaches out to them.
George: and they're in a conversation for a meeting, or follow up whatever
George: when our founders respond right away
George: with their link to the data room. The investors are so impressed
George: they're like, kind of floored. They're like, Wow, you really have it together. So we've learned that this is puts outsized value and an extremely positive 1st impression with your interaction with investors, because of how prepared you come off relative to most founders that don't have this training.
George: Okay? One more thing I did forget to say, for those of you who haven't heard of a data room before. There are different ways to do it, just like sending your company updates, or pretty much anything there are like tools you can use, and then you can also just do it manually. So most people just put it in a Google drive. And then you make sure that the docs are locked and that it's like only with the people you share it with.
George: There are also
George: sas tools that you can use to make your data room. Other people have found success in that. So it's up to you. But I would just start with a Google drive for this, and if you want to make it fancier later, you can.
George: Who was next. I think I saw like, there's 1 of the segments which is the market. Research. So I think that's what they we have to do it in a week. So the deliverable was pretty timed.
George: Yeah. Well, we try to like have it. Maybe I mean just a glimpse of it, maybe earlier, like, if we want to do something like Jake did or like an extended research. Yeah, this one is not a competitive analysis, this is a market analysis. So we just give you tools to generate the probable size of your market from a bottom up. Approach Tam, Sam and Tom. So it's completely different from what, Jake.
George: if you want to see something. But this is also different. I just feel like I can't meet the deadline because it's something that in my mind is very large, and I can do over a span of a month. But what you got to do all right, get on it. If you're not going to like, Jake said. If you're not going to meet a deadline, you say it the earliest possible you can
George: that you're not going to be able to meet it. He needed us to do that for him to go do his market analysis, I promise you. Everyone else has done this in one week. Every time we're trying to get ahead. He's trying to get going right now. Yeah, that's all for his purposes. It's not about completing the assignment? Will we have access to resources prior to
George: who have access to so many things in the world?
George: Internet is an amazing place. Given this large founder network like guys come on.
George: I'm not gonna feed you. I appreciate that. Go get it.
George: Annie.
George: because I've heard that data rooms like you have specific things. You partner data for different fundraising stages. So would this be like what you need for like a C wrap. And then like, when you move on to round to even add kind of folders to it. So it's like growing, I would say, Mert and I did a lot of research. And this is like the bare bones, bare minimum of a data room. So I would say, even for like, if you go and raise with this data room that you're filling with me.
George: Even if even if you raise with this thing you're building with me, there's probably a couple more things you need to add, this is not like, it's just ready, like you could ship it to investors, but I would spend time figuring out like what else would be helpful to add specific to your business. So just know, this is like a general template. And we're getting probably like 85% of the way there with all of these, and there's like some sprucing to do. And then there's even more sprucing the next time you raise, and the next time, alright, yeah, so there will be some more.
George: This whole process, like, we're giving you the foundation for progress.
George: Each of you have to build your custom experience for your business. How you grow it and how you fund it. You're gonna manipulate your data room into what it needs to be for you to have the conversation you want to have with the investor.
George: Right? So you're adding things that are are important for you and your business, and what you need to talk about what you want them to see.
George: It's the same thing with the pitch deck, especially the pitch deck.
George: Who in this room
George: has created their question bank.
George: Fabio's got one, and he's got one. You? And have you been plugging in the data for it as you get questions about your business? No, no. Who's who's actually doing? Who's been meticulous about the questions they've been asked and updating the question, reliable agent Lunar. No, okay. So
George: this is your reminder.
George: Every question you get asked about your business document. It
George: your pitch deck will be incredible. Your conversations will be effective. Your data room will be robust if you pay attention to what people want to know about you, you document it, and you come up with really, really good answers. Yeah, no, that's that's in a very easy ask.
George: So when we put these things out, I'm sorry I'm getting like passionate. But like, come on like this isn't even that hard part.
George: You know, the hard part is running a business is getting customers and closing sales. I just ask you right now questions.
George: any other questions about the data rooms.
George: Okay, cool. So you guys know where to find it? What's where you're going to put your deliverables when it's due? 1st one will go out by the end of the day today it's just a couple of articles to read. No deliverable. We'll talk about the next one on Monday. Cool. I'm excited for you guys. That is everything. So you guys are dismissed till 2 Pm. When we're starting our next session. 2 Pm. Skin here. Thank you. Make sure you take all the food with you. By the way, no food is allowed open in here just drinks. So I saw you guys brought a lot of snacks
George: 2 trees up.